fix: update cypress design system buttons (#28860)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

- Improved accessibility of the Cypress App in some areas. Addressed in [#28774](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/28774).

**Bugfixes:**

> - LaunchPad: Stop reopening browsers after closing when clicking on close button. Fixes [#28852](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/28852)

Reviewer: This needs to be moved above the misc section 
```suggestion
- Fixed an issue which caused the browser to relaunch after closing the browser from the Launchpad. Fixes [#28852](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/28852).
```

Author: Isn't this a Bug fix? I do not understand.

Reviewer: The entire section needs to be moved above the misc section. See order of change type (bullet 3): https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/blob/develop/guides/writing-the-cypress-changelog.md
